all right
This is a practical and easy machine
use applicable to a wide variety of
fabrics straight seam comfortable and light for
travel that contains a foot pedal that
is connected to the back
and a power adapter makes for
operate the engine that is two
speeds goes connected down the pedal
O well
or they can also place four
double batteries in the compartment
down that does its right
functioning
it also contains four coils one
needle
and a threading
today we will show you how we should
Insert the thread into the holes for
have a correct functioning to
moment of things the mini machine has
a thread axis where you can place the
reel or a support where the
coil you can work with both them
I will show how to place the coil
to have a correct operation
first is the post later the
coil that has to turn from right to
left and the thread has to go through
down
after both
the spring and that's how you put the
mini machine with the reel us
we will work today with the first reel
step is of this building
subsequently in tensing the tensioner is
very important since you are given the
adequate care so that the thread does not
Breaking the thread has to happen in
middle of the post above and the post quoted
down
the tensioner is placed
and it is screwed according to the attention
that we want to give
later it goes in second hole
and the lifting lever
we continue with the fourth building
the needle clamp
the last point is the needle the needle is
you have to place from left to right
the next point is the compartment
from the coil we open the compartment and
we take out the coil
It is placed between the fingers and the reel
it has to turn counter to the
clock hands like this and this
way it is placed on the crab
this thread has to go through the channel
from our mini machine
now the compartment is closed on
review we have our thread in the first
hole subsequently in the tensioner
third hole for the elevator pnc
fourth hole
Needle clamp and needle
left to right we also have
our coil compartment
below and our thread in the channel
let's start spinning the pulley towards
here we are going to see how the needle
will go down
when the needle is up we'll see
how the mini imagine
javier and what we have in the crab
upwards
so up our two children
we talk both
and we put them down from prince to fabric
with last point we will place in the
cloth
and go down in cloth press
I'm going to show you the buttons that
we have in our mini machine this
button is to regulate the speed
when it's tight it means that
we have low speed and when it 's
raised we can use it in high
speed this button is to operate the
mini machine in case they do not want
use the pedal the pedal is already this
first we will talk manually
with the button that is in the mini machine
A) Yes
or with the brake pedal that entered
and so you can start sewing with your
mini sewing machine with
this mini machine has a practical
winding operation which are the
coils that are required for the
Crab if you want to put new thread
in the coils what you have to do is
press the post that is on the pulley
and take it from the left side like this
get out our plus now we place
our coil in the post making sure
that remains until the end so that it does not
go create our coil we should
ensure that the thread is not found
placed in the holes to have a
correct winding operation
later we put the reel in
our hands and we press the button
functioning
when we finish in a cart all
our coil we cut off our
coil and the post quoted we go back to
put now from the opposite side towards the
right side